what no one has out there is it bloody
good burger and I'm going to show you
how to make our stunning delicious
burger you know I could have made a
burger but a burger to me is basic
chopped beef salt pepper Dijon mustard
Worcester sauce ketchup finely chopped
onions three egg yolks to bind it
together really important to mix all
that through you yes really important
tonight we're going to do a special
Lena's famous burger yes we'll be the
best burger in Pomona I definitely feel
like our Leila's famous burger is really
gonna help us attract more people this
is perfect have a little taste
season wise that's fine let's put the
burger on as a special tonight chef
Gordon he was right when he said that we
needed a burger you can't get a burger
around here nowhere I'm gonna need a
great burger tonight he's gonna get one
the recipe to the leaders burger is top
secret I could tell you but then I have
to kill you armed with Leela's new
hamburgers a catering truck and
enthusiasm Gordon and the staff hit the
streets to promote the restaurant the
word will get out on the street that we
have a really juicy burger welcome thank
you get on the street there chef Gordon
made it surprising how happy everybody
is on the back of a really good
delicious simple burger
these kids we make Bionic cheese Watson
are you making the fish by order what
you mean by order cook it advanced
sometimes
you know free coconut [ __ ] now they fry
fish off in advance you're kidding me
Jesus Christ you are the weak bastard a
burger takes ten minutes to cook I can't
cook a burger faster when it's cooked we
send it okay
okay here we go how are you we have two
homemade specials the shepherd's pie and
fish and chips pitch here we go
first table say yes wait going here
anywhere no way
are you anybody's [ __ ] tonight come on
okay I need one fish and chips special
and three Shepherd pie specials jet
[ __ ] marriage only wanders listening to
Mitch
everybody got me away hello down that I
need beer-battered Irish sausage and
chips Dez bag [ __ ] listen up I need a
fish and chips a shepherd's pie and a
slight steak it appears as though Mitch
in the kitchen are now on the same page
and the cooks are beginning to fill the
orders Mitch which neighborhood you say
40 but Chef Ramsay notices another
potential communication problem don't
you have a copy of the ticket no I don't
have an expediter needs the controller
tickets Wow
even got a decent POS system there's the
order I need that now this confusion
with the dupes all the time because it's
all handwritten it's so antiquated it's
just it's ridiculous come on guys ticket
applying up
what other stick I gave up while the
chefs rushed to push food out to stop
that was the French onion soup little
attention is being paid to quality
control just stop for two seconds look
we cannot serve that we cannot go to
this extent and try to start building a
reputation and serving that when you're
the expediter you're the last point of
control wrong right so your standards
are there their standards are there got
to start putting in some structure come
on Mitch 43 after a slow start fish and
chick food is now making its way out to
the diners everything's good okay and
while the new specials are making a good
impression
the regular menu isn't impressing anyone
[Music]
come on guys how could you [ __ ] up a
hamburger
but I will get me Jim yes yes come in
all of you come here
touch it it's [ __ ] raw did you check
it come on Mario although one is a
burger a [ __ ] burger
what the [ __ ] is going on make sure I
watch it your mistake if you go outside
and say hi to people who not helping any
not do anything here so what good are
you two hours into dinner service and
the kitchen is beginning to unravel it's
soap
this is ice-cold with dish that out a
toe rare after dish pennies Rock coming
back
sorry I killed yourself well you might
just take that away for two seconds I'm
so sorry
boys that let me just tell you something
when I was busting my chops earlier
making it for you I turned my back for
five minutes and you send that out on
the back of a hundred and fifteen
customers in two and a half hours
results of that Chef Ramsay was just
like to hell with all of you there's no
passion there's no care for any of the
food coming out
oh you [ __ ] get paid where's the word
on your faces if you're my brigade how
would you find you [ __ ] sixteen years
ago gotta do what we got to do get about
the burgers they're gonna love it anyway
sour adorable yes I was just gonna keep
trying to put the food out gone back to
regular so we started making the burgers
on sourdough bread then using the frozen
french fries and the frozen ground beef
in an effort to make good on the orders
a desperate kitchen staff lowers its
standards and starts delivering cheap
substitutes that is all we have is a bun
and the disappointment combined with the
long wait is too much for one customer
to bear
you like something else
[Music]
what is that polisher what's that fool
this Mitchell burgers but whoa hey guys
why is that burger on there the process
one John what are the 86 it when I said
take it off we haven't got the right
buns we should be serving it I'm all
supporting low in the standard just to
keep it on it doesn't make [ __ ] sense
he's afraid of pink sorry I got two
paper plates around some sort of how do
you want a toast
such a shame because I got off to a
really good start but then kinda started
dropping but John and Rick accepted the
standards dropping and they just were
happy to send slop so a real sudden
interleaving because right now we're
back to square one
[Music]
should be ashamed I busted my balls all
day today thinking a way of marketing
this place and putting it back on the
map can't do it I'm not gonna do
anything
it's I'm a hundred percent convinced
that you guys are ready to turn the
corner I seriously want to help I need
to know from each and every one of you
that you're ready to commit I'm ready to
commit okay see in the morning I'm here
early back at the restaurant
David is preparing Chef Ramsay's burger
let's call this one the redemption
burger and for the first time since he
started working at the restaurant
he's using his own recipe but this time
I want to seize it far away this is very
important to me that when I make this
burger it's a big burger but at least
it's gonna be my burger and it's not
going to be Jin and Alan's burger
let's start getting this thing ready
making a burger - yeah with the way go a
lot with the way go I'm smart enough to
listen to what Chef Ramsay wanted a he
wants a nice juicy burger he wants
something with flavor not frozen meat ok
ready let's give Ramsey a hamburger man
here we go
[Music]
I just made a burger my ingredients your
own ingredients yes Wow
so it's not on the menu no do you want
to try it some people have called me a
meat sculptor or a meat creator and a
lot of different celebrities have been
eatin my food and have said it was
fantastic
yes what's in there you'll see it's the
Wagyu mix what I've done is I've had
certain spices and I made a cheeseburger
I don't like a man Alan you're not to be
the expert you don't know a thing about
me the only thing you know how to do is
sit on the computer in there and change
menus that's what you do and you made
this yes Tamara that is hideous
at least it's seasoned this is a burger
I'm dying for baby please presentation
it looks great
Thank You chef explain please I'm used
to smoky air with grilled tomato spring
mix with a mustard aioli and a jumbo
pickle homemade what I had earlier this
is this looks night and day well okay
buddy help I mean that's why I call a
burger Jesus and how's it tastes it's
delicious
Thank You chef the temperatures perfect
and the rolls crispy Yesha would you
like to have a little taste
I'd love to
[Music]
instead I'm tasting great change and
it's smoke time yes yeah I love it
does that go through the me I taste
something stronger in there like a
dry-aged or something beef but I do like
mine eat red in it I am a medium-rare
girl problem is that's not medium-rare
as it should be it may be medium but can
tell you one it's bloody juicy delicious
Thank You chef yeah I'd give that nine
out of ten love that title there by the
way redemption burger and you said he
did that suck on this burger Jim and you
too Alan why aren't we serving burgers
like that because I thought the Wagyu
meat was better you got your priorities
wrong because the word Wagyu cool sounds
glamorous and expensive it doesn't any
say is gonna deliver you the most
tastiest burger my question to you is
that if you know that your burgers not
better than what you're cooking
currently what the [ __ ] you do I'm
forced into making what they'd like me
to make right if I try to do a change
I'm persecuted for the making sure he
wants to blame me for everything in the
kitchen and I'm not that powerful Chef
Ramsay I'm a 64 year old woman I can't
control it all that's what he's saying
how am i that powerful do you see a
chef's hat on me you see me swirling the
pans or making the patties or chopping
the mushroom
putting the salt on me what really
frustrates me is the fact that I get to
serve that media of the crap
nothing is seasoned beautifully cheese
cuz of that little bit of saltiness
absolutely delicious
Thank You chef Jen whatever Jen where's
she going
this is ridiculous Jen Jen question
Thank You Jen got up from the tasting
because Jim wanted me to be the reason
that they're pitiful restaurant has it
made it
Jen what's the missus what's wrong I'm
64 years old I've been through many many
different situations my situation
Brice's breasts
is that why you just walked out because
my heart hurt what do I do a set a false
thing if I have to sit there and smile
and say that that everything is fine I
can't do that nobody just at all what's
going on that's all
I'm facing a bully who has been abusive
to me we need to address this but just
for you to get up and walk out it just
looks a little bit weird I need you and
I think more importantly are they Alan
does yeah okay please okay
I feel a good energy from Chef Ramsay if
I was here to be in a positive place I
felt very comfortable and coming back
okay Jen's back
manda yes you got a little bit upset and
she was I understand well because I I
know that ship can deliver this kind of
burger and he's nervous and should have
delivered it before why did you just
walk out the back doors that was a
definition 8 to 12 chefs walked out
since the day I walked in here you want
me to fail
I think that one was shot if you get in
the water with them you might be your
testicles but all the reason you walked
out the back door after she was chef
Frances project entry right stop stop
there two seconds I want to see the
place in operation are you running your
job watching you do your job and you run
in the kitchen okay
finish service we'll talk about that
okay
delicious
[Music]